greetings my friends at is corey from
super common guru 9000 your host with
the most and it's summer you guys have
probably noticed because it's hotter
than the devil's ballsack outside but
the good news is we can all head inside
crank up the AC and watch some brand new
anime yes the summer anime lineup is
about to begin and I am really excited
there's a lot of returning shows I'm
looking forward to seeing and a lot of
brand new ones and the main focus of
this video today is I'm going to talk
about some of the ones I'm looking
forward to seeing but I also want to
hear your opinions I want to know what
shows do you guys want me to look at
this year and some of them I might even
consider reviewing for you guys because
there are just so many crazy ones this
year so let's just talk about some of
the highlights first up space dandy
season to love the first season it
premiered on toonami before it even
aired in japan which is a monumental
thing for the show and it's going to do
the same thing and season two and i'm
really looking forward to it in fact
tsunamis going to have like a whole
marathon of the last two shows leading
up to the premiere of space dandy season
2 and it looks great the trailer that
I've seen for it looks like it's going
to be a lot of fun and it looks like
they're going to be sticking to the
formula of not like worrying about
continuity and just really doing what
they want and experimenting with
animation and trying to make it as
entertaining and funny for the viewer as
possible and I really do want to see
more of that it's unlike any other anime
that I've ever seen and it's of course
done by the legendary shinichiro
watanabe who's worked on stuff like
cowboy bebop and samurai champloo and
even has another show that's starting
this year which is known as onkyo no
terror and really I couldn't tell you
much about it just looks like it's going
to be a highly psychological show with
some really high quality animation and
that's a show I'm really looking forward
to as well other ones i'm wanting to see
our sword art online season 2 this is a
show that i'm kind of a newbie at I've
only just sort of recently finished the
first season but I will say it blew me
away it's not like you know the biggest
Shakespearean story epic ever told but
for what it is it's got a pretty good
story the action is absolutely
incredible and the characters are nice
and fun and I cannot wait to see what
they're going to do with the third
season because the game they're going to
be playing this time looks like it's
going
of guns and sniper rifles so it's going
to be completely different from the
stuff that we saw from sword art online
in the second season when went to
alphane online so I can't wait to see
how they're going to expand on that
story and some of the older characters
we saw from the beginning because sword
art is really awesome it's one of those
shows that when i first started watching
it i thought this was going to
completely suck but it really caught me
by surprise some other shows that i'm
looking forward to there is a comic ill
and tokyo ghoul these are two shows i
really couldn't tell you too much about
what i will say is they just look like
they have some really nice dark
interesting storylines and some really
flashy animation if there's one thing to
say it's almost every show that's coming
out this summer looks like it's got some
really nice production value behind it
in the last show that I'm really looking
forward to seeing is the brand new
Sailor Moon anime which is a complete
retelling of the original series and the
main reason I'm looking forward to this
is there's a lot of nostalgia factor
behind it because I grew up watching
Toonami in fact I had this thing that I
did pretty much every day after school I
get home make myself a snack get all my
books out from my book bag and do my
homework and watch tsunami at the same
time and there were only a few shows
that i actually like tuned out of my
homework too just like strictly watch
and I was like dragon ball z gundam wing
and believe it or not i really like
reboot i don't know why but i did but
whatever sailor moon came on or like
tenchi muyo i always do my homework and
just sort of watch on the side and i
really don't know that much about the
Sailor Moon universe outside the fact
that it's just a bunch of scantily clad
high school girls who transform into
magical girl versions of themselves and
kick the out of demons I just think
it looks really awesome I like the
old-school aesthetic and I've already
seen the opening of the show like the
intro and I love the song it's got these
great guitar riffs in it which gives us
this like the sort of old-school feel
cuz I just love old anime style like I'm
a big fan of 80s and early 90s style
like that's not to say I don't like this
stuff they're giving us now but I just
that was just sort of like my all-time
favorite and I'm hoping that it's going
to be another big success and it's like
the perfect antithesis to jojo's bizarre
adventure you so that concludes some of
the shows that i'm looking forward to
seeing this summer but are there any
other anime that i did not talk about or
ones that you guys want me to look at
that is coming on this summer please
tell me with your comments below do you
have any
mendations what do you guys want me to
review remember guys before you leave
hit that like button so you can give
this video a thumbs up it really helps
out the videos tremendously the best way
to help us out though is to watch our
videos and to subscribe to our channel
there's a button right up here just
click on that and it'll help you out you
can also check us out on the Facebook
and the Twitter I will put links to
those in the description box below so
guys that concludes this video today
super coming guru 9000 out